RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent docs (#44069)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnectioniceerrorevent/port/index.md

---
title: "RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent: port property"
short-title: port
slug: Web/API/RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent/port
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent.port
---

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

The **`port`** property of the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent")}} interface represents the port number over which communication with the {{Glossary("STUN")}} or {{Glossary("TURN")}} server is taking place.

This is `null` if the connection hasn't yet been established ({{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent/address","address")}} is `null`).

## Value

> A positive integer value giving the port number over which communication with the STUN or TURN server is taking place, using the IP address given in `address`.

Reviewer: Maybe just "A positive integer"? You already said this stuff above.

Author: ```suggestion
A positive integer.
```

`null` if the connection hasn't been established (that is, if `address` is `null`).

## Examples

### Basic usage

> This example creates a handler for {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.icecandidateerror_event", "icecandidateerror")}} events which creates human-readable messages describing the local network interface for the connection as well as the ICE server that was being used to try to open the connection, then calls a function to display those as well as the value of the event's {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent.errorText", "errorText")}} property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a handler for {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.icecandidateerror_event", "icecandidateerror")}} events, which creates human-readable messages describing the local network interface for the connection and the ICE server that was being used to try to open the connection, then calls a function to display those and the value of the event's {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent.errorText", "errorText")}} property.
```

```js
pc.addEventListener("icecandidateerror", (event) => {
  let networkInfo = `[Local interface: ${event.address}:${event.port}]`;

>   let iceServerInfo = `[ICE server: ${event.url}]`;

Author: ```suggestion
  const networkInfo = `[Local interface: ${event.address}:${event.port}]`;
  const iceServerInfo = `[ICE server: ${event.url}]`;
```
